Update appium-flutter.md (#2078)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/appium/appium-flutter.md

## Uploading your Flutter App to Sauce Labs

> You can now upload the built apps with our [REST API](/dev/api/storage/#upload-file-to-app-storage), or manually upload them to the preferred Data Center, see [Manually Uploading an App](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#uploading-an-app) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now upload the built apps with our [REST API](/dev/api/storage/#upload-file-to-app-storage), or manually upload them to the preferred Data Center. See [Manually Uploading an App](/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing/#uploading-an-app) for more information.
```
